Update WindowClient.navigate() return value description (#29169)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/windowclient/navigate/index.md

### Return value

> A {{jsxref("Promise")}} that resolves to the existing {{domxref("WindowClient")}}
> if the URL is from the same origin as the service worker or a {{Glossary("null",
> "null value")}} otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A {{jsxref("Promise")}} that resolves to the existing {{domxref("WindowClient")}} if the URL is from the same origin as the service worker, or {{jsxref("Operators/null", "null")}} otherwise.
```
